README.md, before:

# rideco-coding-assignment-backend
Backend portion of my submission for the rideco coding assignment


# Requirements
The backend portion of the project is built in Django with a simple Postgres DB run in Docker containers. 

Docker can be downloaded [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) (https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)


# Running the Backend

1. run `docker-compose build`

2. run `docker-compose up`

Alternatively you can simply run `docker-compose up --build`

To tear down the backend run `docker-compose down`


# Running Tests
The backend has some simple test cases. These tests check the functionality of the `GroceryItem` model and the views.

To run the test:

1. run `docker-compose up --build`

2. run `docker exec -it rideco_assignment-backend-1 /bin/sh`

3. run `python manage.py test`


# Discussion and Future Improvements
The discussion and future improvements for this project can be found in [this google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UMJDG1lhtA7Hph7IAL4eU8Huo4hCqmskWL2pH5nu8FE/edit?usp=sharing). (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UMJDG1lhtA7Hph7IAL4eU8Huo4hCqmskWL2pH5nu8FE/edit?usp=sharing)

It covers many points from:
- weaknesses, and steps taken to complete project in time deadline
- Design documentation
- Future areas for improvement in both infrastructure and features

Commit message:

added section on how to make .env file to README

README.md, after:

# rideco-coding-assignment-backend
Backend portion of my submission for the rideco coding assignment


# Requirements
The backend portion of the project is built in Django with a simple Postgres DB run in Docker containers. 

Docker can be downloaded [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) (https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)


# Before running the app
To have the docker containers for the front end and backend communicate to each other they need to share a network. To create this you need to create a 
`.env` file in the same level as this README file. The `.env` should contain:
```
COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=rideco_assignment
```


# Running the Backend

1. run `docker-compose build`

2. run `docker-compose up`

Alternatively you can simply run `docker-compose up --build`

To tear down the backend run `docker-compose down`


# Running Tests
The backend has some simple test cases. These tests check the functionality of the `GroceryItem` model and the views.

To run the test:

1. run `docker-compose up --build`

2. run `docker exec -it rideco_assignment-backend-1 /bin/sh`

3. run `python manage.py test`


# Discussion and Future Improvements
The discussion and future improvements for this project can be found in [this google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UMJDG1lhtA7Hph7IAL4eU8Huo4hCqmskWL2pH5nu8FE/edit?usp=sharing). (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UMJDG1lhtA7Hph7IAL4eU8Huo4hCqmskWL2pH5nu8FE/edit?usp=sharing)

It covers many points from:
- weaknesses, and steps taken to complete project in time deadline
- Design documentation
- Future areas for improvement in both infrastructure and features
